Founded with a vision of millions of people living and working in space for the benefit of earth

How long have you been with Blue Origin?
What are some of the major upcoming projects for this position?

---

Passion for our Mission: - In my current role, I have one primary goal, and that is to provide the best possible learning experience for every student enrolled at the university.

Bias for Action: - In order to do this, I help diverse groups of peers and leadership take their ideas and turn them into sustainable and scalable systems.

Deliver Results: - After completing the system, I then develop a number of key performance indicators to determine their efficacy, and present those in a clear and concise manner.

Have Backbone; Disagree and Commit:

Earn the Trust of Others: - I work my best in a team, I feel that I am able to easily communicate my ideas, and take criticism in all its forms with an understanding that everyone has their own perspective, and although I may feel strongly about something, it doesn't mean that I've seen it from every direction.

Show Grit (Keep Climbing) - One of my favorite lines at work, is "we can figure that out". Just because it hasn't been done before, or someone says "that's not how we do it here" doesn't mean it can't be done. I think its vital to the growth of any company to be willing to do the hard stuff, and put in the work at every level. Regardless of setbacks, keep pushing for the results and quality that you want.

Demonstrate Operational Excellence - As a data analyst, the data pipeline and all the technicality behind it, is where I live. I find that documentation and the use of that documentation as a part of the process is of vital importance to the effective use of data.

Take Ownership - I consider myself a utility player, if there's ever a new technology, program, or system, I'm the one to volunteer and find out how it works, and how it can benefit the team. There's no such thing as "someone else's problem"

Insist on the Highest of Standards

Technically Ambitious - In higher education its essential to be actively expanding your horizons into new technology and applications.

Embrace Team Blue

Practice Humility

Mission of UWT: The primary mission of the University of Washington is the preservation, advancement, and dissemination of knowledge.

Program Analysis: price per value credits - calculation of total investment / credits for currently enrolled or graduated students

Data Fellows: Creating a culture of data driven decision making

--- Strengths vs. Opportunities ---
